e:\Falcultad\4to\Simulacion\TPs\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.exe
e:\Falcultad\4to\Simulacion\TPs\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.deps.json
e:\Falcultad\4to\Simulacion\TPs\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.runtimeconfig.json
e:\Falcultad\4to\Simulacion\TPs\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.dll
e:\Falcultad\4to\Simulacion\TPs\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.pdb
e:\Falcultad\4to\Simulacion\TPs\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo_Colón.Form1.resources
e:\Falcultad\4to\Simulacion\TPs\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo_Colón.VtnEuler.resources
e:\Falcultad\4to\Simulacion\TPs\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
e:\Falcultad\4to\Simulacion\TPs\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
e:\Falcultad\4to\Simulacion\TPs\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
e:\Falcultad\4to\Simulacion\TPs\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.AssemblyInfo.cs
e:\Falcultad\4to\Simulacion\TPs\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\Falcultad\4to\Simulacion\TPs\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.sourcelink.json
e:\Falcultad\4to\Simulacion\TPs\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.dll
e:\Falcultad\4to\Simulacion\TPs\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\refint\Polideportivo Colón.dll
e:\Falcultad\4to\Simulacion\TPs\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.pdb
e:\Falcultad\4to\Simulacion\TPs\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.genruntimeconfig.cache
e:\Falcultad\4to\Simulacion\TPs\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\ref\Polideportivo Colón.dll
D:\Facultad\SIM\Practico\Trabajos Practicos\TP 5\Polideportivo Colon Con RK\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.exe
D:\Facultad\SIM\Practico\Trabajos Practicos\TP 5\Polideportivo Colon Con RK\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.deps.json
D:\Facultad\SIM\Practico\Trabajos Practicos\TP 5\Polideportivo Colon Con RK\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.runtimeconfig.json
D:\Facultad\SIM\Practico\Trabajos Practicos\TP 5\Polideportivo Colon Con RK\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.dll
D:\Facultad\SIM\Practico\Trabajos Practicos\TP 5\Polideportivo Colon Con RK\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.pdb
D:\Facultad\SIM\Practico\Trabajos Practicos\TP 5\Polideportivo Colon Con RK\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo_Colón.Form1.resources
D:\Facultad\SIM\Practico\Trabajos Practicos\TP 5\Polideportivo Colon Con RK\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo_Colón.VtnEuler.resources
D:\Facultad\SIM\Practico\Trabajos Practicos\TP 5\Polideportivo Colon Con RK\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\Facultad\SIM\Practico\Trabajos Practicos\TP 5\Polideportivo Colon Con RK\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
D:\Facultad\SIM\Practico\Trabajos Practicos\TP 5\Polideportivo Colon Con RK\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
D:\Facultad\SIM\Practico\Trabajos Practicos\TP 5\Polideportivo Colon Con RK\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.AssemblyInfo.cs
D:\Facultad\SIM\Practico\Trabajos Practicos\TP 5\Polideportivo Colon Con RK\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Facultad\SIM\Practico\Trabajos Practicos\TP 5\Polideportivo Colon Con RK\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.sourcelink.json
D:\Facultad\SIM\Practico\Trabajos Practicos\TP 5\Polideportivo Colon Con RK\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.dll
D:\Facultad\SIM\Practico\Trabajos Practicos\TP 5\Polideportivo Colon Con RK\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\refint\Polideportivo Colón.dll
D:\Facultad\SIM\Practico\Trabajos Practicos\TP 5\Polideportivo Colon Con RK\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.pdb
D:\Facultad\SIM\Practico\Trabajos Practicos\TP 5\Polideportivo Colon Con RK\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\Polideportivo Colón.genruntimeconfig.cache
D:\Facultad\SIM\Practico\Trabajos Practicos\TP 5\Polideportivo Colon Con RK\TP5-\TP4-Polideportivo-Colon-Fran\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\ref\Polideportivo Colón.dll
